The old woman took Santiago's both hands in hers and started to pray. The boy is little scary about what is happening and she understood that he was fearful.

The old woman seeing the palms of the boy and replied him, "very interesting". The boy was nervous and took out his hand from her hand and said he didn't come here to read his palm and thought to pay and leave without learn anything about his recurrent dream.

The old woman asked the boy to explain about his dream. The boy tells about his dream that when he was with his sheep, a child is playing without frightening them. The old woman urged him since he don't pay much. The boy little upset and continue telling his dream that the child suddenly took him to Egyptian pyramids.

Then the old woman said she will not charge him to explain about his dream. The boy was feeling happy. The old woman said, you should go to the Egyptian pyramids to become rich if that child exist. 

The boy still not happy and he asked how to go the Egyptian pyramids. The old woman said she will not tell about reality and asked him to leave from her home. Then the boy left her home.




Santiago started reading the new book and he liked it. While he reading the new book an old man came and keep speaking to him.

The old man intention is to make the boy understood better about his dream and move on towards it. The old man explained him about what is destiny and how to achieve it.

Th old man asked "What is the book you are reading".

Santiago didn't replied him as he looks strange. Then the old man said "Hmmm" and the boy understood that he knows reading and he read that book. The boys asked him to explain about the book.

The old main said it tells how people give up of their destinies.

Then the boy said that not happened to him and he is in right on his goal. Then the boy thinks he looks like an Arab and asked him "Where are you from?" The ld man replied him "From many places". Then the old man said he is from Salem and he is the king of Salem.

Then boy little surprised and asked him, why the king speaking to a normal shepherd. The old main explain him that his destiny is most important and move towards on it.